My Big Fat Life Story:
	I am a mutt and my ethnic ambiguity has gotten me a lot in life, even on a billboard. Although I may seem ambiguous, culturally I have very strong ties 
  with Greece. Even as a toddler my pride for my nation was unmatched, as I walked through the streets of Manhattan every year in the Greek pride parade.
  (Artifact 1) My love for my country intensified with every visit to its beautiful nation states. Spending each of my summers there, I became accustomed 
  to the culture and began to prefer it to the way of life in America. My family or clan is known as the Psikis and our origin can be traced back to a 
  singular house that the 5 families once lived in over 100 years ago. Although we no longer share a wall, the bond between us is just as strong and has 
  resulted in relationships with cousins that are 5th removed. Blood in fact is thicker than water, and this has been proven to me time after time as my 
  cousins came to my aid and have always honored the traditions of Greek hospitality. 
  
	Most children yearn for the mines, but day after day I would dream of returning to the homeland and reuniting with my clan. My only reprieve was in an 
  after school program held at my church where fellow Greeks could go to learn about the language, culture, and history. Although most children would avoid
  extra schooling at all costs, this became something I looked forward to, especially on the days we would dance. The teachers were often understanding of
  us going there after already sitting through a full day of school, and would find ways to make the lessons enjoyable. On many writing assignments we were given a free range of topics, to encourage a diverse vocabulary and enjoyment in creating the piece. One of my more iconic works was a research report on infamous rapper Ice JJ Fish.(Artifact 2) I continued through the whole 8 year program and graduated with a regents diploma, thus certifying my knowledge of my people. However this wasn’t the end of my Greek education.
	
  I continued to learn the colloquialisms as I spent my summers amongst the locals and gained a deeper appreciation for the culture. My connection to my 
  roots was almost materialized in film as I was cast as a minor character in the last of the trilogy My Big Fat Greek Wedding. However, I turned down the
  role to further explore my country and toured other islands and finally made it back to the mainland after 15 years. As an adult I was intrigued by the 
  vast history and visited as many museums and monuments as possible. (Artifact 3) After seeing our greatness in monuments like the parthenon, my pride and 
  connection to my country were solidified. Today I am in the process of obtaining Greek Citizenship so that I may spend more time at home.
