Things I put my mouth on:

I’m addicted to coke. There hasn't been a day in the past week that I haven't had it at least once. I can’t remember a time when I didn’t have a constant 
longing for my next fix, a time when I saw it and didn’t immediately try to have some. I’ve always told myself and others that I could stop at any time, 
but I’m not so sure that's true. In fact coke has served as a gateway to an even greater addiction, McDonalds. While I used to be able to control it and 
only have some occasionally, it became an everyday event in High School and even crept its way into my senior photos. (Artifact 1). Its effects used to be 
hidden and localized to my bank account, but it quickly started to deteriorate my health, most days I found myself complacent until it was time for my next dose. While it has clearly taken a toll physically, socially it has had some advantages.

To a couple of monster fueled, unbathed, and unfed computer science majors, a nugget and a couple of french fries could easily score me some help on my 
labs. Most of the kids that have taken Orgo like to make it seem like their major is the most difficult, but that's just because the comp sci and 
engineering kids are too busy working, that they don't have time to complain to the business majors. Someone asked me recently how many all nighters I have
pulled, and I honestly couldn’t come up with an answer, I’ve lost count at the amount of times I’d sit down at my computer expecting to work through a 
solution in 5 hours, only to find myself 10 hours later watching the sunrise and fighting to get something working before the 8am submission deadline. I 
have learned a lot while earning my computer science degree, but putting the technical information aside, my skills have only really improved in two areas:
How to effectively use Google and how to deal with failure. When coding it is inevitable that something doesn’t work correctly and while your logic may be
correct on paper, it could take an immeasurable amount of time to get the syntax for it right. The whole process can become quite frustrating and students 
typically deal with it in two ways. The first is to slam your fists on the desk and curse everything you’ve ever known. The second, the approach that I 
prefer, is where you baby your computer and talk to it like you would a dog or baby and even kiss the monitor in the hopes that it’ll help your code run.
(Artifact 2) While this may seem gross to some people, I at least get to choose to put my lips on my laptop.

There’s nothing quite like taking a punch to the mouth. Mike Tyson once said “Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth”, but I don’t think 
he prepared for my style of fighting where that's already part of my plan. I tend to fight like I do everything else, rush in head first, and simply figure
it out as I go. The people I’ve sparred with find it odd and irritating as I seem to power up the more they hit me and the smile on my face continues to 
grow with every blow. Recently I had the choice between going to Vegas for my 21st birthday or participating in my first amateur fight. Without hesitation 
I dropped any plans for vegas and began training. After months of preparation, my opponent unfortunately backed out of the fight and it was canceled. 
However, this didn’t stop me from doing what I set out to do, as me and my close friend decided to go 21 rounds in the ring together (One for every year 
I’ve been alive). Even after getting knocked around, most likely concussed, two black eyes, and a very sore gut, I was still smiling ear to ear from having
the opportunity to push my limits and feel alive.(Artifact 3)
